(fleet) simplify proxy configuration (#29024)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/configuration/proxy.md

  no_proxy:
    - <HOST_TO_BYPASS_1>
    - <HOST_TO_BYPASS_2>
  # Recommended: Set to true to ensure no_proxy behaves in a standard way
  no_proxy_nonexact_match: true

  # Recommended: Force the Agent to use HTTP to send logs (if logs is enabled)
  logs_config:
    force_use_http: true
```

* Replace `<USER>`, `<PASSWORD>`, `<PROXY_HOST>`, and `<PROXY_PORT>` with your proxy credentials and address.
* Username and password are optional.
* Specify `http`, `https`, or both, depending on your proxy setup and needs. Most Datadog traffic uses HTTPS.
* Use `no_proxy` to specify hosts the Agent should connect to directly, bypassing the proxy.

#### 2. Environment Variables

Alternatively, you can set the following environment variables:

```bash
DD_PROXY_HTTP="http://<USER>:<PASSWORD>@<PROXY_HOST>:<PROXY_PORT>"
DD_PROXY_HTTPS="http://<USER>:<PASSWORD>@<PROXY_HOST>:<PROXY_PORT>"

DD_PROXY_NO_PROXY="<HOST_TO_BYPASS_1>,<HOST_TO_BYPASS_2>"
DD_PROXY_NO_PROXY_NONE_EXACT_MATCH=true

DD_LOGS_CONFIG_FORCE_USE_HTTP=true
```

### Apply Changes

**[Restart the Datadog Agent][1]** after modifying the configuration for changes to take effect.

### Proxy Server Setup Examples

> If you don't have an existing proxy server, we recommend using an HTTP proxy like **Squid**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have an existing proxy server or do not have needs for Deep Packet Inspection (DPI), we recommend using a simple forward HTTP proxy such as **Squid**.
```

> 1. **Squid (Recommended)**: A robust HTTP/HTTPS proxy that simplifies configuration by automatically handling Datadog endpoints. [See Squid Example Setup][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Squid (Recommended)**: A robust HTTP/HTTPS proxy that simplifies configuration by transparently proxying all outbound HTTP/HTTPS Agent traffic. [See Squid Example Setup][2].
```

2. **HAProxy (Not Recommended)**: Can forward traffic to Datadog, but this requires maintaining an up-to-date list of Datadog domains and is more complex to manage. [See HAProxy Example Setup][3].

> 3. **Nginx (Not Recommended)**: Similar to HAProxy, using Nginx to forward traffic to Datadog is discouraged due to the maintenance overhead of keeping domain lists current. [See Nginx Example Setup][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **NGINX (Not Recommended)**: Similar to HAProxy, using NGINX to forward traffic to Datadog is discouraged due to the maintenance overhead of keeping domain lists current. [See NGINX Example Setup][4].
```

Reviewer: Would be good to grep and search/replace all NGINX occurrences to the right capitalization.

Reviewer: PS: the `**discouraged**` isn't formatted quite right in the alert boxes in the UI (the `**`s don't make the text bold) for the individual pages.

> Forwarding traffic to Datadog using software like HAProxy or Nginx is **discouraged** because it requires you to manually configure and maintain the list of specific Datadog endpoints the Agent needs to reach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forwarding traffic to Datadog using software like HAProxy or NGINX is **discouraged** because it requires you to manually configure and maintain the list of specific Datadog endpoints the Agent needs to reach. It should only be used if you have specific needs that cannot be addressed otherwise with a basic HTTP proxy (e.g. DPI, scaling issues, etc).
```

Reviewer: This wording should probably be duplicated in each copy/pasted section.

### Proxy Server Setup Examples

If you don't have an existing proxy server, we recommend using an HTTP proxy like **Squid**.

1. **Squid (Recommended)**: A robust HTTP/HTTPS proxy that simplifies configuration by transparently proxying all outbound HTTP/HTTPS Agent traffic. [See Squid Example Setup][2].
2. **HAProxy (Not Recommended)**: Can forward traffic to Datadog, but this requires maintaining an up-to-date list of Datadog domains and is more complex to manage. [See HAProxy Example Setup][3].
3. **NGINX (Not Recommended)**: Similar to HAProxy, using NGINX to forward traffic to Datadog is discouraged due to the maintenance overhead of keeping domain lists current. [See NGINX Example Setup][4].

Forwarding traffic to Datadog using software like HAProxy or NGINX is **discouraged** because it requires you to manually configure and maintain the list of specific Datadog endpoints the Agent needs to reach.
This list can change, leading to potential data loss if not kept up-to-date. The only exception is if you need Deep Packet Inspection (DPI) capabilities, in which case you might consider using HAProxy or NGINX

> as they allow you to drop disable TLS and inspect the traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as they can allow you to disable TLS or use your own TLS certificates and inspect the traffic.
```

This should be copy/pasted for the other ones too
